#This is a list of tools that was used during Forensics and with each tool is a quick description, review of usage, and a url if needed.

1. Autopsy
For most of the labs, I used this tool. I created cases to analyze the different parts of the local disk image. It comes with features like Timeline Analysis, Hash Filtering, File System Analsis and Keyword. I loved this tool, very simple to use for how much information was involved with the lab. Easy to navigate and can be quickly and easily learned.
https://www.sleuthkit.org/autopsy/

2. WinPrefetch
A light gui that is used to analyze quickly Windows Prefetch information and showing when the executable was first run and and other times it was run afterwards on the system. I used this tool mostly in the Memory Analysis lab, I found an executable file running Powershell that harbored a Empire Rootkit. I would recommend this tool to a beginning forensic investigator when looking for anything malicious. 
 
3. FTK Imager
This is a forensics piece of software that scans a hard drive looking for different kinds of information. It has a great ability to locate deleted files, scan disks for different files containing pertinent information about how a system was breached and anything malicious uploaded to the system. This particular tool was particularly challenging to grasp. Compared to Autospy, FTK seemed scattered with tools.

4. Volatility
Based on Python, Volatility is an open source software program that analyzes RAM. It supports analysis for the four main operating systems used: Linux, Windows, Mac, and Android. It also has the ability to analyze raw dumps & virtual dumps. The way this tool was used was in a lab based on Seizing information and files from a computer that had become compromised. Using this tool, RAM was captured and all different running processes. I would use this tool again.  
https://code.google.com/p/volatility/downloads/list

5. Wireshark
Wireshark is a protocol analyzer that includes some of the following features: live capture, offline analysis, display filters, runs on most major platforms, to name a few. For the lab, wireshark was used to see the traffic going from the virtual keyboard(breach) to the comprosmised machine. The powershell script run through the virtual keyboard was found using wireshark. For a lab this big, and over 10 million packets within the analysis that took up almost 16Gs of RAM to run. I would advise on using Wireshark sparatically.
https://www.wireshark.org/

6. tcpdump
Tcpdump is a common packet analyzer that's run totally on command line. Shows the user the TCP/IP packets  being transmitted and received over the network that the computer is connected to. I'd rather use wireshark, but on the fly this one is useful.

7. Windows Event Viewer
Shows systems messages and log of applications like errors, information messages and warnings. Very helpful for troubleshooting or in this case, digital forensics. I was able to use this to see the different events for the Analysis lab, using this tool the Empire Rootkit was found running on a powershell command. I would recommend it.

8. Regripper
Regripper is the open source forensic tool which enables one to obtain the Windows Registry keys. Using this tool I was able to find the virtual keyboard that the hacker used to issue commands over the network to the infected machine. If you look up the commands and read the instructions the Regripper is easy to use. 

9. Flashlight
Used for when it was cold and dark. Very Enlightening tool!  
